upgrade-and-coexistence-of-skypeforbusiness-and-teams.md (#2103)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/upgrade-and-coexistence-of-skypeforbusiness-and-teams.md

|Skype for Business with Teams collaboration and meetings |Skype for Business deployment with significant use of enterprise voice and requirements that aren’t yet met by Teams calling<br><br>Long-term need for and/or commitment to Skype for Business<br><br>Might be using a third-party meeting service|Start Teams adoption quickly, going beyond group collaboration<br><br>Improve your users’ meetings experience<br><br>Recommended use for on premises organizations wanting to take advantage of Teams meetings prior to being ready to fully upgrade (generally due to Enterprise Voice on-premises). |No overlapping capabilities<br><br>Superior meetings on Teams. Features roadmap, UX and cross platform, quality and reliability<br><br>"Better Together" experiences between Skype for Business and Teams<br><br>Interoperability users in Teams Only.|Instant messaging and chat will reside in Skype for Business (tied to calling)|

> |Teams Only |You might have already deployed users in islands mode and are ready to retire Skype for Business for groups of users |Reduce variable costs on Skype for Business (on-premises server operations, outsourcing contract, and so on)<br><br>Go to the full Teams experience as quickly as possible, for at least some users|Limits user confusion by providing only one client to work with Interoperability with users in Skype for Business Only, Skype for Business with Teams Collaboration, Skype for Business with Teams Collaboration and Meetings|Interoperability only supports basic chat and calling between Skype for Business and Teams, and interop escalation scenarios for desktop sharing and multi-party chat and calling|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Teams Only |You might have already deployed users in Islands mode and are ready to retire Skype for Business for groups of users |Reduce variable costs on Skype for Business (on-premises server operations, outsourcing contract, etc.)<br><br>Go to the full Teams experience as quickly as possible, for at least some users |Limits user confusion by providing only one client to work with Interoperability with users in Skype for Business only, Skype for Business with Teams collaboration, Skype for Business with Teams collaboration and Meetings |Interoperability only supports basic chat and calling between Skype for Business and Teams, and Interoperability escalation scenarios for desktop sharing and multi-party chat and calling|
```

Reviewer 2: See my comments in the discussion.
